Added release notes for 0.6 (#550)
Euclideon/vaultclient: builds/releasenotes.md

    - Round trip for exporting pointclouds doesn't always give the same model
    - Export to UDS doesn't copy all metadata
  - Map mode is unavailable
  - Lots of minor UI sizing/positioning issues
  - Displacement compare
    - Calculation doesn't always work correctly
    - Sits at 0% for a long time while during initial processing
  - Lack of prompts for destructive actions
  - Some LAZ files fail to convert
  - Some SLPK files fail to render correctly and SLPK pointcloud is unsupported

Version 0.6.0
  - Major overhaul to the entire UI
    - Moved the frequently used tools to the UI
    - Added key bindings for many of the tools

>     - Increases the scene size to use as much as the window as possible

Author: ```suggestion
    - Increased the scene size to use as much of the window as possible
```
